Add changelog items for 9.7 (#2143)
Yoast/YoastSEO.js: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
We will follow [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/) from version 2 and onwards.

## 1.48.0
### Added
* Improves the feedback for the assessment that checks the length of the text in cornerstone articles.

### Fixed

> * Fixes a bug where a Flesch reading ease score of exactly 90 would incorrectly trigger bad feedback.

Reviewer: Isn't that how we communicate it towards the user?

```suggestion
* Fixes a bug where a Flesch reading ease score of exactly 90 would incorrectly trigger `needs improvement` feedback.
```
